Machine Learning Fundamentals - Datacamp Course Path
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/track/c1e330fb25d3cb8e132304cc39db1d0899c6297a
Courses in the skill path:
Machine learning fundamentals skill-track that explores the basics of Machine Learning. It included:
1) Course - Supervised Learning with scikit-learn
    Course Description: Grow your machine learning skills with scikit-learn in Python. Use real-world datasets in this interactive course and learn how to make powerful predictions.
2) Project - Predictive Modeling for Agriculture: 
    Project Description: Dive into agriculture using supervised machine learning and feature selection to aide farmers in crop cultivation and solve real-world problems.
3) Course - Unsupervised Learning in Python
    Course Description: Learn how to cluster, transform, visualize and extract insights from unlabeled datasets using scikit-learn and scipy
4) Project - Clustering Antrartic Penguin Species
    Project Description: Artic Penguin Exploration: Unravelling clusters in the Icy Domain with K-means Clustering
5) Course - Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch
    Course Description: Learn how to build your first neural network, adjust hyperparameters, and tackle classification and regression problems in PyTorch
6) Course - Reinforcement Learning with Gymnasium in Python
    Course Description: Start your reinforcement learning journey! Learn how agents can learn to solve environments through interactions.
7) Project - Taxi Route optimization with reinforcement learning
    Project Description: Solve the taxi-v3 environment using Q-Learning, ensuring efficient AI-driven transportation.
Libraries Used: sklearn, pytorch, gymnasium

Natural Language Processing - Datacamp Course Path
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/track/29907ad427d26cbd66569dc12ee5f68f63232e3a
Courses in the skill path:
1) Course - Introduction to Natural Language Processing in Python
    Course Description: In this course, you'll learn natural language processing (NLP) basics, such as how to identify and separate words, how to extract topics in a text, and how to build your own fake news classifier. You'll also learn how to use basic libraries such as NLTK, alongside libraries which utilize deep learning to solve common NLP problems. This course will give you the foundation to process and parse text as you move forward in your Python learning.
2) Course - Sentiment Analysis in Python
    Course Description: Have you left a review to express how you feel about a product or a service? And do you have a habit of checking a product’s reviews online before you buy it? This kind of information is valuable not only for you but also for companies. In this course, you will learn how to make sense of the sentiment expressed in various documents. You will use real-world datasets featuring tweets, movie and product reviews, and use Python’s nltk and scikit-learn packages. By the end of the course, you will be able to carry an end-to-end sentiment analysis task based on how US airline passengers expressed their feelings on Twitter.
3) Course - Natural Language Processing with spaCy
    Course Description: Learn spaCy, the fast-growing industry-standard NLP library, for tasks like tokenization, parsing, and named entity recognition. Master core operations, use classes like Doc and Token, and train models. Extract terms with pattern matching, create custom pipeline components, and handle real-world examples for your NLP projects.
4) Course - Spoken Language Processing in Python
    Course Description: We learn to speak far before we learn to read. Even in the digital age, our main method of communication is speech. Spoken Language Processing with Python will help you load, transform and transcribe audio files. You'll start by seeing what raw audio looks like in Python. And then finish by working through an example business use case, transcribing and classifying phone call data.
5) Course - Feature Engineering for NLP in Python
    Course Description: In this course, you will learn techniques that will allow you to extract useful information from text and process them into a format suitable for applying ML models. More specifically, you will learn about POS tagging, named entity recognition, readability scores, the n-gram and tf-idf models, and how to implement them using scikit-learn and spaCy. You will also learn to compute how similar two documents are to each other.  In the process, you will predict the sentiment of movie reviews and build movie and Ted Talk recommenders. Following the course, you will be able to engineer critical features out of any text and solve some of the most challenging problems in data science!
Libraries Used: NLTK, scikit-learn, spaCy

Developing Large Language Models - Datacamp Course Path
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/track/ecbbe10eb0bf906fed8e1f70037aba834fedb327
1) Course - Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch
    Course Description: Deep learning is everywhere, from smartphone cameras to voice assistants or self-driving cars. In this course, you will discover this powerful technology and learn how to leverage it using PyTorch, one of the most popular deep learning libraries. By the end of this course, you will be able to leverage PyTorch to solve classification and regression problems on both tabular and image data using deep learning.
2) Course - Intermediate Deep Learning with PyTorch
    Course Description: Deep learning is a rapidly evolving field of artificial intelligence (AI) that revolutionized the field of machine learning, enabling breakthroughs in areas such as computer vision, natural language processing, and speech recognition. In this course, you'll develop robust deep learning models with PyTorch for a range of applications, including image and sequence models. You'll become familiar with core network architectures, such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and recurrent neural networks (RNNs), including Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks and Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs).
3) Course - Deep Learning for Text with PyTorch
    Course Description: Embark on an exciting journey into deep learning for text with PyTorch. This course will equip you with the skills to tackle various text-related challenges. You'll dive into the principles of text processing with encoding and embedding. You’ll apply various models, including CNNs, RNNs, GANs, and pre-trained models, using text data. Finally, you'll delve into advanced topics, including transfer learning techniques, attention mechanisms, and how to protect your models from adversarial attacks. By the end of this course, you'll have the skills to build powerful deep learning models for text.
4) Project - Service Desk Ticket Classification with Deep Learning
    Project Description: Efficient handling of customer service desk tickets is crucial to ensure customer satisfaction. By leveraging deep learning, you are going to develop a robust and accurate classifier that can categorize incoming service desk tickets into predefined categories to streamline service desk operations.
5) Course - Introduction to LLMs in Python
    Course Description: Large Language Models (LLMs) have become pivotal tools driving some of the most stunning advancements and applications in today's AI landscape. This hands-on course will equip you with the practical knowledge and skills needed to understand, build, and harness the power of LLMs for solving complex language tasks such as translation, language generation, question-answering, and more. Through iteractive coding exercises, you will learn to work with transformers. You'll also explore pre-trained language models and datasets from Hugging Face. By the end of this course, you will be able to fine-tune and evaluate pre-trained LLMs using specialized metrics. You will also gain an understanding of the key challenges and ethical considerations of enabling real-world LLM applications.
6) Project - Analyzing Car Reviews with LLMs
    Project Description: Prepare to leverage your practical skills by using pre-trained LLMs! In this project, you are an AI developer hired by an auto dealership company. Your task is to implement pre-trained large language model (LLM) use cases for tasks such as analyzing and classifying customer reviews on cars, responding to inquiries about available car models, and translating the company's English text data into other languages.
7) Course - Working with Llama 3
    Course Description: Open-source LLMs like Llama can be hosted locally on consumer-grade hardware, enhancing data privacy and reducing costs. Learn how to run Llama models locally in this course, where you'll explore techniques such as prompt engineering to shape the responses you want and use Llama to build agents with custom personas that adapt to your projects' needs. This course is designed for learners with experience working with Python and an introductory knowledge of working with large language models (LLMs).
8) Course - LLMOps Concepts
    Course Description: Embark on a journey into Large Language Model Operations (LLMOps). This course, designed for enthusiasts and professionals alike, guides you through the basics, from ideation to operational deployment. Delving into the LLM application lifecycle will reveal its pivotal role in organizations. You will gain insights into the challenges and considerations at each stage and how to refine development and ensure smooth deployment while embracing data governance and security. By the end of the course, you'll have a solid grasp of LLMOps concepts and know how to apply them to your applications.
Libraries Used: PyTorch, Hugging Face, transformers

Deep Learning - Datacamp Course Path
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/track/a4356246f5520b76be8545c45ce06c4a508e77f3
Courses in the skill path:
1) Course - Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch
    Course Description: Deep learning is everywhere, from smartphone cameras to voice assistants or self-driving cars. In this course, you will discover this powerful technology and learn how to leverage it using PyTorch, one of the most popular deep learning libraries. By the end of this course, you will be able to leverage PyTorch to solve classification and regression problems on both tabular and image data using deep learning.
2) Course - Intermediate Deep Learning with PyTorch
    Course Description: Deep learning is a rapidly evolving field of artificial intelligence (AI) that revolutionized the field of machine learning, enabling breakthroughs in areas such as computer vision, natural language processing, and speech recognition. In this course, you'll develop robust deep learning models with PyTorch for a range of applications, including image and sequence models. You'll become familiar with core network architectures, such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and recurrent neural networks (RNNs), including Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks and Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs).
3) Project - Building an E-Commerce Clothing Classifier Model
    Project Description: Transform the retail industry with cutting-edge AI: develop an innovative clothing classification system to create a smarter, more efficient shopping experience. Leveraging machine learning, you’ll make it easier to find the perfect outfit among a variety of choices, opening up new possibilities in the rapidly evolving digital fashion world.
4) Course - Deep Learning for Images with PyTorch
    Course Description: In this course, you'll use PyTorch to discover image classification, object recognition, segmentation, and image generation. You'll work with both binary and multi-class image classification models, utilize pre-trained models for deep learning tasks, and master object detection with bounding boxes. Additionally, you'll delve into image segmentation, including semantic, instance, and panoptic types, with real-world applications. Finally, you'll explore Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) and learn to assess the quality and diversity of the generated images.
5) Course - Deep Learning for Text with PyTorch
    Course Description: Embark on an exciting journey into deep learning for text with PyTorch. This course will equip you with the skills to tackle various text-related challenges. You'll dive into the principles of text processing with encoding and embedding. You’ll apply various models, including CNNs, RNNs, GANs, and pre-trained models, using text data. Finally, you'll delve into advanced topics, including transfer learning techniques, attention mechanisms, and how to protect your models from adversarial attacks. By the end of this course, you'll have the skills to build powerful deep learning models for text.
Libraries Used: PyTorch

Deep Reinforcement Learning in Python - Datacamp Course
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/8897c7985d728f3382b4d6acb9c2bb28968bb917
Topics in Course:
1) Topic - Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning
    Topic Description: Discover how deep reinforcement learning improves upon traditional Reinforcement Learning while studying and implementing your first Deep Q Learning algorithm.
2) Topic - Deep Q-learning
    Topic Description: Dive into Deep Q-learning by implementing the original DQN algorithm, featuring Experience Replay, epsilon-greediness and fixed Q-targets. Beyond DQN, you will then explore two fascinating extensions that improve the performance and stability of Deep Q-learning: Double DQN and Prioritized Experience Replay.
3) Topic - Introduction to Policy Gradient Methods
    Topic Description: Learn about the foundational concepts of policy gradient methods found in DRL. You will begin with the policy gradient theorem, which forms the basis for these methods. Then, you will implement the REINFORCE algorithm, a powerful approach to learning policies. The chapter will then guide you through Actor-Critic methods, focusing on the Advantage Actor-Critic (A2C) algorithm, which combines the strengths of both policy gradient and value-based methods to enhance learning efficiency and stability.
4) Topic - Proximal Policy Optimization and DRL Tips
    Topic Description: Explore Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) for robust DRL performance. Next, you will examine using an entropy bonus in PPO, which encourages exploration by preventing premature convergence to deterministic policies. You'll also learn about batch updates in policy gradient methods. Finally, you will learn about hyperparameter optimization with Optuna, a powerful tool for optimizing performance in your DRL models.
Libraries Used: PyTorch, Gymnasium

Deep Learning for Images with PyTorch - Datacamp Course
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/e0e330fae857cf88a7f5774e2f3084c510691651
Topics in the course:
1) Topic - Image classification with CNNs
    Topic Description: Learn about image classification with CNNs, the difference between the binary and multi-class image classification models, and how to use transfer learning for image classification in PyTorch.
2) Topic - Object recognition
    Topic Description: Detect objects in images by predicting bounding boxes around them and evaluate the performance of object recognition models.
3) Topic - Image Segmentation
    Topic Description: Learn about the three types of image segmentation (semantic, instance, and panoptic), their applications, and the appropriate machine learning model architectures to perform each of them.
4) Topic - Image Generation with GANs
    Topic Description: Generate completely new images with Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Learn to build and train a Deep Convolutional GAN, and how to evaluate the quality and variety of its outputs.
Libraries Used: PyTorch

Supervised Learning with Scikit-Learn - Datacamp Course
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/3a273b402d5ab9e3a5ca7d0f46eeda69f737892e
Topics in the Course:
1) Topic - Classification
    Topic Description: In this chapter, you'll be introduced to classification problems and learn how to solve them using supervised learning techniques. You'll learn how to split data into training and test sets, fit a model, make predictions, and evaluate accuracy. You’ll discover the relationship between model complexity and performance, applying what you learn to a churn dataset, where you will classify the churn status of a telecom company's customers.
2) Topic - Regression
    Topic Description: In this chapter, you will be introduced to regression, and build models to predict sales values using a dataset on advertising expenditure. You will learn about the mechanics of linear regression and common performance metrics such as R-squared and root mean squared error. You will perform k-fold cross-validation, and apply regularization to regression models to reduce the risk of overfitting.
3) Topic - Fine-Tuning Your Model
    Topic Description: Having trained models, now you will learn how to evaluate them. In this chapter, you will be introduced to several metrics along with a visualization technique for analyzing classification model performance using scikit-learn. You will also learn how to optimize classification and regression models through the use of hyperparameter tuning.
4) Topic - Preprocessing and Pipelines
    Topic Description: Learn how to impute missing values, convert categorical data to numeric values, scale data, evaluate multiple supervised learning models simultaneously, and build pipelines to streamline your workflow!
Libraries Used: scikit-learn

Unsupervised Learning in Python - Datacamp Course
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/319dc62d05e21358564d40b88543162025f26c2b
Topics in Course"
1)  Topic - Clustering for Dataset Exploration
    Topic Description: Learn how to discover the underlying groups (or "clusters") in a dataset. By the end of this chapter, you'll be clustering companies using their stock market prices, and distinguishing different species by clustering their measurements.
2)  Topic - Visualization with Hierarchical Clustering and t-SNE
    Topic Description: In this chapter, you'll learn about two unsupervised learning techniques for data visualization, hierarchical clustering and t-SNE. Hierarchical clustering merges the data samples into ever-coarser clusters, yielding a tree visualization of the resulting cluster hierarchy. t-SNE maps the data samples into 2d space so that the proximity of the samples to one another can be visualized.
3)  Topic - Decorrelating Your Data and Dimension Reduction
    Topic Description: Dimension reduction summarizes a dataset using its common occurring patterns. In this chapter, you'll learn about the most fundamental of dimension reduction techniques, "Principal Component Analysis" ("PCA"). PCA is often used before supervised learning to improve model performance and generalization. It can also be useful for unsupervised learning. For example, you'll employ a variant of PCA that will allow you to cluster Wikipedia articles by their content!
4)  Topic - Discovering Interpretable Features
    Topic Description: In this chapter, you'll learn about a dimension reduction technique called "Non-negative matrix factorization" ("NMF") that expresses samples as combinations of interpretable parts. For example, it expresses documents as combinations of topics, and images in terms of commonly occurring visual patterns. You'll also learn to use NMF to build recommender systems that can find you similar articles to read, or musical artists that match your listening history!
Libraries Used: scikit-learn

Linear Classifiers in Python - Datacamp Course
Link to Achievement: https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/3b0dfa43c05697e2f62708d39f87959fd836bd8c
Topics in Course:
1) Topic - Applying logistic regression and SVM
    Topic Description: In this chapter you will learn the basics of applying logistic regression and support vector machines (SVMs) to classification problems. You'll use the scikit-learn library to fit classification models to real data.
2) Topic - Loss functions
    Topic Description: In this chapter you will discover the conceptual framework behind logistic regression and SVMs. This will let you delve deeper into the inner workings of these models.
3) Topic - Logistic regression
    Topic Description: In this chapter you will delve into the details of logistic regression. You'll learn all about regularization and how to interpret model output.
4) Topic - Support Vector Machines
    Topic Description: In this chapter you will learn all about the details of support vector machines. You'll learn about tuning hyperparameters for these models and using kernels to fit non-linear decision boundaries.